Type of Auction
Sell
E-Portal
www.arya.ag 
Name of Commodity 
<Commodity Name from Auction creation>
Basis
Ex-warehouse, “as is where as basis”
Unit of trading
MT
Delivery Unit
MT
Quotation
Rs. per MT
Portal Transaction Charges (ONLY APPLICABLE WHEN AUCTION IS ARYA CERTIFIED)
Take value from auction creation 
Advance  (ONLY APPLICABLE WHEN AUCTION IS ARYA CERTIFIED)
Take value from auction creation
Fund Settlement (ONLY APPLICABLE WHEN AUCTION IS ARYA CERTIFIED)
T+3 days
Delivery Center
Warehouse
Auction Time
(from auction duration) Ex - 10:30 am to 11:30 am
Seller/Buyer Pre-requisite
Buyer would be responsible for checking the commodity sample at the warehouse before placing a bid.
Any complaints regarding the quality of the commodity would not be entertained. Buyer has to visit the warehouse and thoroughly check the stocks before participating in the auction.



Terms & Conditions for the Sale of <Commodity Name> on the Arya e-marketplace (www.arya.ag). 

1. DEFINITIONS 

a. TRADING SYSTEM shall mean the computer system including hardware, software and related communication systems made available by the Arya for online selling and buying of goods.
b. SELLER The Seller shall mean <Company Name>. who has offered <Commodity Name> for sale on the Arya’s platform in accordance with the prescribed Rules, general and special terms and conditions. 
c. BUYER The person or entity who has offered to purchase <Commodity Name> in accordance with the prescribed terms and conditions.

2. Prerequisites for Bidding:
Bidder referred to in this notice is any real individual or legal entity who wishes to buy <commodity name>  from <seller name>. Only those registered with Arya can become bidders after fulfilling all the terms & conditions put in place for the e- Auctions. Registration at Arya is free of cost and any legal entity may enroll without paying any registration charges. 
Bidders may also contact Arya’s representative Somveer - 8755455165

3. Unit of Trading & Unit for price Quotation: - 
Quantity for purchase of <commodity name> is <qty in MT> 
Bidder(s) should quote Price intended to purchase before completion of e- auction time 
The incremental price shall be Rs.<incremental price> per MT.	 
<Seller Name> can specify a base price mentioned as reserve price below which, no bids will be accepted at auction platform.
Price to be quoted in delivered weight and quality basis on ‘as is where is’ basis

4. Advance : (ONLY APPLICABLE WHEN AUCTION IS ARYA CERTIFIED)
Only the successful bidders are required to deposit advance deposit. The successful bidder(s) shall deposit <advance deposit%>. within 3 days from the date of Sale Confirmation. The advance amount to be deposited in an account provided by the Arya.
In case, non-deposit of advance within stipulated time, the allotment shall be canceled.
In case, non-deposit of full amount of the Sale value within specified time frame from the date of sale confirmation, the advance deposit of the successful bidder(s) would be forfeited.

5. Transaction Charges: (ONLY APPLICABLE WHEN AUCTION IS ARYA CERTIFIED)
Transaction charge of 0.5% of the actual sale value shall be payable by the Buyer(s). 

6. Price to be Quoted: 
Price is to be quoted on the basis of ‘AS IS WHERE IS BASIS’, ex-respective warehouses locations. The evaluation and finalization of bids received shall be made on the basis of the highest price quoted by the bidders. Price quotation should be in Rs. per MT. 

7. Prerequisite for Online Bidding / E-Auction: 

Seller/Depositor: 
<Seller Name> will deposit the <Commodity Name> at their notified warehouse.
The deposited stocks of <Commodity Name> in the notified warehouse will be available for visual inspection by the Buyer as to the soundness of packing etc. by the Warehouse.
Seller shall ensure availability of <Commodity Name> offered for trading prior to entering sell order through the Arya. 

Buyer: 
The Buyer must visually inspect the stock at the notified Warehouse before placing the buy order. Buyer would be responsible for checking the commodity sample at the warehouse before placing Buy Order. Any complaints regarding the quality of the commodity would not be entertained thereafter. 
Buyer can modify price quoted in incremental form only then the existing bid and no bidders shall be permitted to withdraw bids entered into system. 
All expenses such as labor charges, loading charges, Weighment charges, Transportation, Transit Insurance etc. will be on the buyer's account. 

8. Time for trading:- 
Auction time would run for <auction duration> and will start at 10:30 am (IST)

9. Validity of Bid: 
The Bids of all Bidders at the final close of the e-Auction session must remain valid for the bidding day only. 

10. Intimation to the Successful Bidder: 
The confirmation to the successful bidder(s) as received from the Seller will be sent by Arya through registered SMS or other means of communications with a copy. Buyers are requested to check their SMS for confirmation and acceptance of bids by the Seller. 

11. Internet Connectivity: 
The Seller and the Arya shall not be responsible for any failure of power, Network, Server, Bandwidth problems, Hosting Server, Internet Connectivity, ISP or otherwise or the slowness to access Arya Platform. 
Any bid placed using the bidder’s Mobile No. and the OTP shall be deemed to be an unconditional binding of the bidder, inter-alia, for the purpose of the E-Auction and the bidder shall be solely and fully responsible for all the activities that occur under such Mobile No and OTP. The Bidder is advised not to reveal Mobile OTP to anyone else so as to prevent misuse of the same. 

12. Force Majeure: 
In case of occurrence of any of the force majeure circumstances, namely act of God, natural calamity, fire, Govt. of India’s Policy/restriction (excluding any stock limits), strikes or lockouts by workmen, war, military operations of any nature and blockage preventing the seller/buyer or the Arya from wholly or partially carrying out their contractual obligation, the period stipulated for the performance of the contract shall be extended in the event of the circumstances continuing for more than 15 days, either party shall have the right to refuse to fulfill contractual obligation without title to indemnification of any losses, it may thereby sustain. The party unable to carry out its contractual obligation shall immediately advise the other party of the commencement or termination of the circumstances preventing the performance of contract.

13. Arya DISCLAIMER: 
Arya is acting only as a service provider for this e-auction and shall not be a party to the contract between the Seller and the Buyer subsequent to this e-auction. By bidding in this e-auction, a bidder acknowledges that Arya shall not be held responsible for any loss that he/she/they may suffer as a consequence to this e-auction. 
Arya will be providing e-Auction platform and other services for the purpose of price discovery only and shall not take any responsibility whatsoever in connection with any disputes that may arise during the tenure of the tender/contract or thereafter entered into by an between buyer and the Seller. Both seller and buyer shall completely absolve Arya from any consequences resulting out of this tender and further any disputes between buyer and seller shall have to be resolved by them as mentioned in this Terms and Conditions. 
Both Buyer and Seller agree and acknowledge that Arya shall not be made party to any litigation, suit, petition, application, arbitration or appeal arising from the dispute between buyer and seller.





